.TH "fastrig.h" 3 "5 Apr 2007" "Version 93" "DttSp" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
fastrig.h \- Fast trigonometry definitions. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <fromsys.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <banal.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <splitfields.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <datatypes.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <bufvec.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIN_TABLE_SIZE\fP   (4096)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIN_TABLE_SIZE_M1\fP   (4095)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTRIG_SPEED\fP   (0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBSIN\fP(x)   (\fBREAL\fP)sin((\fBREAL\fP)x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBCOS\fP(x)   (\fBREAL\fP)cos((\fBREAL\fP)x)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBATAN2\fP(x, y)   (\fBREAL\fP)atan2((\fBREAL\fP)(x),(\fBREAL\fP)(y))"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBPI\fP   M_PI"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBTWOPI\fP   (2.0 * PI)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBONE_OVER_TWOPI\fP   (0.159154943091895)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Fast trigonometry definitions. 

This file is part of a program that implements a Software-Defined Radio.
.PP
Copyright (C) 2004, 2005, 2006 by Frank Brickle, AB2KT and Bob McGwier, N4HY
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA
.PP
The authors can be reached by email at
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
ab2kt@arrl.net or 
.PP
rwmcgwier@comcast.net
.RE
.PP
or by paper mail at
.PP
The DTTS Microwave Society 6 Kathleen Place Bridgewater, NJ 08807 
.PP
Definition in file \fBfastrig.h\fP.
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define ATAN2(x, y)   (\fBREAL\fP)atan2((\fBREAL\fP)(x),(\fBREAL\fP)(y))"
.PP
Normal (slow) real arctangent function 
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file fastrig.h.
.PP
Referenced by Cr2p(), and pll().
.SS "#define COS(x)   (\fBREAL\fP)cos((\fBREAL\fP)x)"
.PP
Normal (slow) real cosine function 
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file fastrig.h.
.SS "#define ONE_OVER_TWOPI   (0.159154943091895)"
.PP
Constant 1 / (2 * Pi) 
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file fastrig.h.
.SS "#define PI   M_PI"
.PP
Constant Pi 
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file fastrig.h.
.SS "#define SIN(x)   (\fBREAL\fP)sin((\fBREAL\fP)x)"
.PP
Normal (slow) real sine function 
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file fastrig.h.
.SS "#define SIN_TABLE_SIZE   (4096)"
.PP
Sine table lookup size 
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file fastrig.h.
.SS "#define TRIG_SPEED   (0)"
.PP
.IP "\(bu" 2
0 = normal (slow);
.IP "\(bu" 2
1 = table look up with interpolation (medium);
.IP "\(bu" 2
2 = table look up (fast)
.PP
.PP
Interpolation is ALWAYS done on atan2. The setting only applies to sin and cos 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file fastrig.h.
.SS "#define TWOPI   (2.0 * PI)"
.PP
Constant (2 * Pi) 
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file fastrig.h.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for DttSp from the source code.
